Spring breeze blowing drizzle
Missing my heart like a vine
Yuan'er came so early
But you miss me
Who is he?
He is kind to me
Once saved me when I was in danger
So your love for me
It's all because he saved you, right?
No wonder Concubine Shu wanted my life as soon as I entered the palace
No wonder I was so scared when I entered the palace
It's no wonder I keep giving birth like this
Everything
It's all this face that looks like the emperor's savior
Is it I admit
The previous preference for you was indeed because of him
But now I really love you
You don't love me
It's my face.
If not for this face
I am nothing
I am truly in love with you
How can you believe me?
The emperor actually remembers the person in the painting so much
Why don't you go find him?
I have searched
But how can people with the same name and surname fight in the world?
Like finding a needle in a haystack
But has the emperor ever considered
What would you do if you found him?
It is to keep him Yao Moxi by his side
Kick my double out of the palace, right?
No moon
I will not do anything to disappoint you, Your Majesty
It's not that the concubine doesn't believe it
But the concubine couldn't accept it for a while
The emperor and his concubines are a little deserted today
The concubine wishes to go to the cold palace to reflect for a few days
I hope the emperor will approve
You are innocent and fruitless, why go to the cold palace?
Besides, you are pregnant
Why bother to suffer?
The concubine will take care of herself
If the emperor thinks this is a protest
Punitive